# GitHub Issues Report

This is a CLI tool for generating a CSV with all of the issues for a given repository that have been opened in the last year, and are still open.

## Installing

For now, it is assumed that you have a Go development environment set up. To install, clone the repository and then run `go install`.

## Usage

On first run, if there is not a CSV with the output file name (`issues_report.csv`), a new one will be created. Otherwise, the results will be appended to the existing file.

### Authenticating with GitHub

Authentication is handled by reading the configuration file generated by running [`gh auth login`](https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_auth_login) (using the `gh` CLI tool). While this is opinionated, I wrote this tool mainly for my own use, so... sorry :sweat_smile:.

If there's demand for it, I'm happy to add a `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable as an option. If you find yourself using this tool and would like that functionality, please open an issue (how meta).

### Specifying the Repository

The repository that will be targeted must be specified by setting an environment variable of `GITHUB_REPO`, and must have the format of `owner/repository`.

## Output

The CSV that is output has the following columns:

- `reviewed`: Whether or not you have reviewed the issue (this is not updated, but is put in place for when you open the CSV in another tool, so you can track what you've previously reviewed).
- `number`: The issue number.
- `title`: The issue title.
- `url`: The URL for the issue (for easy clicking :slightly_smiling_face:.
- `end_cursor`: An internal field that helps the program determine where to pick up on next run.
